Update documentation for manual masks creation (#338)
neuropoly/axondeepseg: docs/source/documentation.rst

If you experience issues during installation and/or use of AxonDeepSeg, you can post a new issue on the `AxonDeepSeg GitHub issues webpage <https://github.com/neuropoly/axondeepseg/issues>`_. We will reply to you as soon as possible.

Guide for manual labelling

> ===============================================================================

Reviewer: sphinx requirement: underline should be same size as subheading number of characters

Author: I found that the requirement is for the underline to be "at least as long as the text" ([ref](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/1.8/usage/restructuredtext/basics.html#sections)). I don't mind changing it to the same length but I have to change all the other underlines in the document.

Author: Resolved in 5d8d474

If you want to train your own model, you will need manual masks corresponding to your training images.

* These manual masks must be 8 bits PNG files with 1 channel (256 grayscale) and have the same height abd width as the image.
* Make sure that they contain only 3 values : 0 (black) for background, 127 (gray) for myelin and 255 (white) for axons and no other intermediate values on strutures edges.
* Make sure that there is no background pixels (black) on the edges between myelin and axons.
* Make sure that every structure (background, myelin or axons) contains only the pixel value of that specific structure.
* Examples of image, good mask and bad mask are provided below:

.. figure:: _static/image_example.png
    :width: 750px
    :align: center
    :height: 500px
    :alt: Image example

    Image example

.. figure:: _static/good_mask_example.png
    :width: 750px
    :align: center
    :height: 500px
    :alt: Good mask example

    Good mask example

.. figure:: _static/bad_mask_example.png
    :width: 750px
    :align: center
    :height: 500px
    :alt: Bad mask example
    
    Bad mask example

To create a manual mask for training, you can try one of the following:

> * Try segmenting your image with AxonDeepSeg default SEM or TEM models and make manual corrections of the segmentation mask in FSLeyes or GIMP software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Try segmenting your images with AxonDeepSeg's default models and make manual corrections of the segmentation masks in FSLeyes or GIMP software (see section below).
```

* Create a new manual mask using GIMP.
* These options are described in the next section "Manual correction of segmentation masks".

Manual correction of segmentation masks
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

If the segmentation with AxonDeepSeg fails or does not give optimal results, you can try one of the following options:

**Option 1: manual correction of the segmentation masks with FSLeyes**

> * In FSLeyes, load your image and apply ADS prediction with the default SEM or TEM models.

Reviewer: "apply ADS prediction" --> no, this was already done in the previous section. Leave it here and change previous section, or change text here

Author: Resolved in e241f51

> * Make correction on myelin and axons masks using the Edit Tool in **Tools > Edit mode**.

Reviewer: i think the idea is to *only* correct myelin mask, not axons (use filling tool for axons)-- if we ask users to correct both, they will make mistakes (e.g. missing pixels at the interface)

Author: Resolved in e241f51

* In case of an overlap between the axons mask and the myelin mask, the myelin will have priority.

**Option 2: manual correction of the segmentation masks or creation of a new manual mask with GIMP software**

* Note that when you launch a segmentation, in the folder output, you will also find the axon and myelin masks (with the suffixes **'_seg-axon.png'** and **'_seg-myelin.png'**). If the segmentation proposed by AxonDeepSeg is not optimal, you can manually correct the myelin mask and create a new axon+myelin mask.
* For the manual correction or the creation of a new manual mask, we suggest using the GIMP software (https://www.gimp.org/). For a more detailed procedure, please consult the following link: `Manual labelling with GIMP <https://docs.google.com/document/d/10E6gzMP6BNGJ_7Y5PkDFmum34U-IcbMi8AvRruhIzvM/edit>`_.

**Option 3: manual correction combined with *AxonSeg* software**

> * Manually correct the axon mask (as explained in Option 2).

Reviewer: i would remove

Author: Resolved in b8a2963
